docs(commercial): Add new docs for commercial vs core (#3203)
kubeshop/tracetest: docs/docs/core/deployment/kubernetes.mdx

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

> For more configuration options, read more in the [configuration docs](/configuration/overview.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more configuration options, visit the [configuration docs](/configuration/overview.md).
```
